Let's take a look at the clock sample without many MVCs.
Here we are inside Unity.
We've set up a new Unity project using the latest TFS version of the Unity Editor.
Following the instructions from earlier in the course, we've added the mini MVCs package and imported
the samples.
Here, we'll take a look at the clock sample, and we'll begin with the version that does not have many,
MVCs added.
It's expected that this feels like a review for you in basic unity knowledge.
Let's run the scene.
So here we are with the scene running.
We have no real UI here, but in the console window we have some debug log statements that's functioning
something like UI for us.
There's no user input, but every second we get a debug log statement.
That's the whole example.
Let's take a look at the code in the hierarchy view.
We see we have an empty world game object that has the default camera and lighting.
We're not really using the camera in lighting here, but for consistency's sake, I have that in every
scene.
Then we've got one game object with our example script.
Let's open that example script up.
That's the one script that runs this entire scene.
Here's the example.
You can see that it extends mono behavior.
I'll do a quick scan through the code and then go through it line by line.
So for this first example, I'll go over some fundamentals.
We've got our using statement that tell this class which other classes it can reference.
We have a namespace appropriate for this example class.
We have the class definition here.
We're extending mono behavior.
We have some private fields.
These are variables that we'll use throughout this example.
Notice here, instead of using INT and float directly, we're using the observable class.
This is covered in an earlier section of the course.
But remember the observable class gives us some additional functionality.
In the case of time delay, we're storing an INT, but we're also able to get an event dispatched every
time that int value changes.
This brings the observer pattern to a simple piece of data, and we're using this throughout every sample.
It's optional when using mini MVC, but highly recommended inside Unity Start method, which is called
once.
As the scene wakes up, we get started by loading inside this example and all the samples we're going
to load a local file.
This in the MVC world once we see that sample is our way to mimic calling a back end server.
Loading a local file is quite easy, but it's asynchronous and it's external data, so it's appropriate
for the scope of service.
It's a bit of a contrived and silly example because of course we could hard code the value of the time
delay here in C-sharp.
But again, this is done for samples sake here in the project window.
We can see the location of that local text file and here we see the contents of that text file.
It's simply a string that we will type into.
INT Now, again, of course, this value 1000 could be hard coded in C-sharp, but we're just illustrating
how to load external data.
So we load that text, we wait a half a second just to simulate a delay.
This is helpful so that we know that in more complex examples where accounting for the subtle latency
that we'd get from calling a real backend service, then assuming that we've loaded successfully, we
we grab that string value and type it as int, Remember that time delay is an observable type.
So when we're setting the value, we have to set the dot value property within.
Again, the benefit of doing it this way is we'll get an automatic event dispatched whenever that value
changes.
We're not really taking advantage of it in this simple example, but we'll see that in later code.
Now that's successfully loaded, we'll start the ticking.
This is the clock itself.
In order to have code called repeatedly, there's many things you can do inside unity.
The most basic and common one is to use a code routine.
So all we do here is start up a code routine.
This will be called repeatedly.
So this is a contrived example.
But really I just wanted to tick up using real world seconds from one into infinity.
As long as the scene is open, we use time, time to grab that from unity.
Each time I update our time variable and a call a separate handler to deal with the consequence as we
handle that consequence here.
And quite simply, I wanted to have an example that doesn't have an explicit view.
So we just debug log here that simulates some sort of user feedback without any additional complexity.
Let's run the scene one more time.
And we see the clock ticking.
That's it.
So that was the clock working without many MVCs.
I expect for everything we covered there to be review.
We've seen classes, methods, variables, properties, events, serialized fields and more.
That's a good unity foundation for us to have as common understanding before we move on to the mini
MVCs example.
Thanks.